README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <img alt="No batteries included logo" src="./logo.png"/>
</p>
<h1 align="center">
  Batteries Not Included
</h1>
<div align="center">

[![Our npm path](https://badgen.net/npm/v/batteries-not-included)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/batteries-not-included/)
[![Join chat on Discord](https://badgen.net/badge/discord/join%20chat/7289DA?icon=discord)](https://discord.gg/FMcvc6T)
[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-v1.4%20adopted-ff69b4.svg)](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
[![Master Branch Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/unicorn-utterances/batteries-not-included.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/unicorn-utterances/batteries-not-included)

</div>

We've all been there, using a library we've found that works well for just about every task you throw at it; until it doesn't.
There's some configuration that the developers have placed in the codebase that prevents you from using it.

Maybe there's some UI element you end up re-writing the logic for various times and wish there was a generic abstraction you could base them all off of?

That's the goal of this library: Provide developers a set of "batteries-not-included" generic utilities to take and base your code off of. What does "no-batteries-included" mean? We want to make no assumptions about the
places you'll be using the code. By making these utilities small-scale and abstracted, we have the ability to make our code modular and highly customizable.

Still having a hard time understanding what I mean? That's perfectly normal. Take a look around our packages for various items:

- [React Utilities](./lib/react/README.md)
- [JavaScript Utilities](./lib/utils/README.md)
- More coming soon

While this package is in a pre-release stage, we will be following the semver
release schedule. If there is a breaking change in the pre-release state, we will bump the `minor`
number.

Commit message:

chore: migrate docs to Vitepress

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
<h1>Batteries Not Included</h1>

<img
height="320"
width="320"
alt="An empty battery compartment"
src="./docs/public/logo.svg"
/>

<p>Highly configurable React & JavaScript utilities</p>

</div>


<div align="center">

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/unicorn-utterances/batteries-not-included/build.yml?branch=main)](https://github.com/unicorn-utterances/batteries-not-included/actions/workflows/validate.yml?query=branch%3Amain)
[![Test Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/unicorn-utterances/batteries-not-included/test.yml?branch=main&label=tests)](https://github.com/unicorn-utterances/batteries-not-included/actions/workflows/validate.yml?query=branch%3Amain)
[![Pre-release](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/batteries-not-included.svg)](https://npm.im/batteries-not-included)
[![gzip size](https://img.badgesize.io/https://unpkg.com/batteries-not-included@latest/dist/batteries-not-included.cjs?compression=gzip)](https://unpkg.com/browse/batteries-not-included@latest/dist/batteries-not-included.main.cjs)
[![license](https://badgen.now.sh/badge/license/MIT)](./LICENSE.md)

</div>


Visit https://unicorn-utterances.github.io/batteries-not-included to get started with `batteries-not-included`.

# Contributing
If you've ever wanted to contribute to open source, now is your chance!

See the [contributing docs](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information
